Troy Flood
Pandas-Project Summary

	For this module we examined school data from 15 different schools using pandas Data frames. The schools varied in type, size, budget among other factors, but these are the ones we examine the closest.  We are looking for distinguishing patterns and contributing factors to average grades. By doing this we can gain a better understanding of how to improve educational systems.
	We examined many aspects of the data; some were more relevant than others. For instance, if you break the data down by grade, you see no noticeable difference within the school amongst other grades. This suggests that grades are irrelevant and that the school makes more of a difference in terms of education quality.  You can also see that reading is passed at a much higher rate than math.  This also doesn’t give us much insight as to the quality of education.
	The most relevant difference I noticed was in school type. We compared schools that were both District and Charter. Charter schools were better across the board from averages to passing rates.  All the top five schools in passing rate were Charter and the bottom five were all District.  It is clear the quality of education at Charter schools is higher than District schools.  This is to be expected given the nature of charter schools. By going there, you establish an interest in your education which leads to higher grades.
	Another key difference was the spending.  Schools with higher spending tended to have better results. This is to be expected as well. Typically, the more funding something has the better it performs.  This is key because it is something more controllable. Funding can be available, and this data suggests schools should be seeking it.
	The final difference I wanted to point out is the size of the schools. Smaller schools tend to perform better. This is likely because of the individual attention available to students.  Students are able to get help with their specific problems because teachers have less students to attend to.  This is actionable too, you could potentially create new schools, or redistrict school to more evenly distribute the number of students.
	All in all we see a few patterns. Nothing mind blowing, but we can be more confident better funding and smaller class sizes can benefit students.  Charter school is of course a great option if you can afford it.  
